Final Project Week 3 Summary

Test Plan and Results:
    The basis for the unit tests are to ensure the code is working as expected during development.
    So the unit tests will first be checking proper operation of each individual task. After I know
    all the tasks are individually working correctly, I will test the whether or not the 2 tasks
    share the proper data and still function properly. Then I will move to testing more tasks together
    until the whole system is working properly. 
    After all the unit tests pass at an acceptable rate, the functional rests will be used to confirm the expected
    results of the code visually. The functional tests will test if the slider and buttons work correctly in reference
    to motion of the platform and the HM.
    
    Unit Tests:
    1) [100% Pass] Use an EMF_ASSERT to check the values of the button data structure when pressing button0, button1,
    and both. The values in the data structure that will be checked are the values of button0 and button1,
    and the ammount of times each have been pushed. This test will be in the EVEN adn ODD IRQ handlers.
    2) [40% pass: board malfunction] Use an EMF_ASSERT to check the values of the platform data structure after touching each channel
    individually and touching one channel on either side. We will be checking the value of the direction, 
    velocity, and position of the platform.
    3) [NotRun] I will create a function that checks the physics calculation in the physics task when the HM 
    is in free fall and when is hits the platform with and without the shield. (the shield will only
    be simulated, not activated by the button.
    This function will also be used to test the functionality of the physics task in conjunction with the
    platform task and button inputs later on.
    4) [NotRun] Visual Test: Simulate the HM free falling on the LCD display without using any information from the 
    other tasks
    5) [NotRun] Visual Test: Using shared data from the platform task. Display the platform as you touch different 
    channels on the capsense sensor. 
    6) [NotRun] Using the function from test 3, we will test the phsyics outputs using inputs from the button, then 
    the slider, then both.
    7) [NotRun] Visual Test: Since the physics task is working now, check to see if the LCD is displaying the proper 
    image after the HM hits the platfomr. 
    8) [NotRun] Use an EFM_ASSERT to check a new HM will be dropped once the origianl one has been bounced off the screen.
    9) [NotRun] Use an EFM_ASSERT to check if the laser will be activated by pressing button1 and a new HM will be dropped.
    10) [NotRun] Check to see if the LED0 is correctly displaying the PWM.
    11) [NotRun] Check to see if the LED1 is correctly displaying the PWM.
    
    Functional Tests:
      (Note: for tests 1-4 the HM falling object doesn't need to be on the screen)
    1) [NotRun] Using the slider, touch and hold the middle left channel and observe the platform slowly accelerate left.
    2) [NotRun] Using the slider, touch and hold the far left chennel and observe the platform accelerate left faster than test 1.
    3) [NotRun] Using the slider, touch and hold the middle right channel and observe the platform slowly accelerate right.
    4) [NotRun] Using the slider, touch and hold the far right chennel and observe the platform accelerate right faster than test 1.
    5) [NotRun] Having the HM fall in the center with the platform at rest directly below, observe the HM bounce straight up multiple times.
                Each bounce should be smaller than the last and the HM should eventiually fall through the platform.
    6) [NotRun] Using the same set up as step 5, press Button0 at the most 1 second before the HM hits the platform.
                Repeat this process unitl the HM bounces off the screen and does not come back down.
    7) [NotRun] With the HM falling in the center straight down, use the slider to hit the HM at an angle with pressing Button0
                from both the left and right sides. Observe the HM's trajectory bounce in the direction of motion of the platform.
    8) [NotRun] Repeat tests 5 and 6 but this time observe the left LED. As the HM accelerates or decelerate the led shoulw blink 
                faster or slower respectively.
    9) [NotRun] Having the platform start on the left side and the HM falling on the ride side of the screen, without moving the platform
                observe the right led blinking at an increasing rate as the HM falls to the ground.
    10) [NotRun]  When the HM starts falling, use Button1 to activate the lazer and observe the HM being destroyed.
    
    Test Summary:
        The unit tests are not fully implented. The ones are implemented are not all paasing at an acceptable rate. The functional tests
        have yet to implemented because the basice unit tests are not passing yet.
    
Progress of Project week 4:
    At the end of week 4, the physics and LCD tasks are still in development. As well as some of the unit tests.
Summary of effort:
    My current progress puts the project at 50% done. The percentage is way behind expectation due to personal life complecations.
    To make up for being behind, I plan on finishing developing the physics and LCD tasks as well as fully implementing the unit tests
    by the end of week 5. This will allow me to use the functional tests durring week 5 to work out the rest of the bugs and move on
    to developing the LED task.
In Scope Work Items:
    1) Platform Data Sructure-Complete
    2) HM Data Structure-complete
    3) Button Data Structure-complete
    4) Semaphores -completed
    5) Mutexes -completed
    6) Button Task -complete
    7) Platform Task -conpleted
    8) Physics Task -in progress
    9) LCD Task -in progress
    10) LED Task -not started
Risk: risk level (1-10) * Probability it will happen
    Personal Struggles: 8 * 60 = 480 (mitigated)
    Board Malfunction: 4 * 100 = 400 (accepted)
    Includes Problems: 8 * 80 = 160 (resolved)
    Other Classes Interference: 7 * 60 (mitigated)
      The risk assesment has not changed much because I have accepted or mitigated the risks from the start. However, it seems that the "Personal Struggles"
      risk has increased in risk lecel as I realize the detrement of the problems that arise. This weeks objective is to attempt
      formulate a plan to deal with the problems that keep popping up in my life.
      I am doing my best to resolve these risks. However, the uncertainty of my personal life and my other classes make it hard to resolve the risks
      that are not accepted.
