Final Project Week 3 Summary

Test Plan and Results:
    The basis for these unit tests are to ensure the code is working as expected during development.
    So the unit tests will first be checking proper operation of each individual task. After I know
    all the tasks are individually working correctly, I will test the whether or not the 2 tasks
    share the proper data and still function properly. Then I will move to testing more tasks together
    until the whole system is working properly
    
    Unit Tests:
    1) [100% Pass] Use an EMF_ASSERT to check the values of the button data structure when pressing button0, button1,
    and both. The values in the data structure that will be checked are the values of button0 and button1,
    and the ammount of times each have been pushed. This test will be in the EVEN adn ODD IRQ handlers.
    2) [40% pass: board malfunction] Use an EMF_ASSERT to check the values of the platform data structure after touching each channel
    individually and touching one channel on either side. We will be checking the value of the direction, 
    velocity, and position of the platform.
    3) [NotRun] I will create a function that checks the physics calculation in the physics task when the HM 
    is in free fall and when is hits the platform with and without the shield. (the shield will only
    be simulated, not activated by the button.
    This function will also be used to test the functionality of the physics task in conjunction with the
    platform task and button inputs later on.
    4) [NotRun] Visual Test: Simulate the HM free falling on the LCD display without using any information from the 
    other tasks
    5) [NotRun] Visual Test: Using shared data from the platform task. Display the platform as you touch different 
    channels on the capsense sensor. 
    6) [NotRun] Using the function from test 3, we will test the phsyics outputs using inputs from the button, then 
    the slider, then both.
    7) [NotRun] Visual Test: Since the physics task is working now, check to see if the LCD is displaying the proper 
    image after the HM hits the platfomr. 
    8) [NotRun] Use an EFM_ASSERT to check a new HM will be dropped once the origianl one has been bounced off the screen.
    9) [NotRun] Use an EFM_ASSERT to check if the laser will be activated by pressing button1 and a new HM will be dropped.
    10) [NotRun] Check to see if the LED0 is correctly displaying the PWM.
    11) [NotRun] Check to see if the LED1 is correctly displaying the PWM.
    
Progress of Project week 3:
    At the end of week 3, the skelaton of the project is completed. The addition from week 2 was completing the inter task communication
    as well as the button task and the platform task. This means the development of the physics is next in the queue.
Summary of effort:
    My current progress puts the project at 35-40% done. The percentage is a little behind schedule due to unavoidable 
    risk from other classes. Howver, the plan for week 4 is to put in 1.5-2x more tine into the project to make up for the loses and hopefully get ahead
    for fuc=ture weeks.
In Scope Work Items:
    1) Platform Data Sructure-Complete
    2) HM Data Structure-complete
    3) Button Data Structure-complete
    4) Semaphores -completed
    5) Mutexes -completed
    6) Button Task -complete
    7) Platform Task -conpleted
    8) Physics Task -in progress
    9) LCD Task -in progress
    10) LED Task -not started
Risk: risk level (1-10) * Probability it will happen
    Personal Struggles: 7 * 60 = 350 (mitigated)
    Board Malfunction: 4 * 100 = 400 (accepted)
    Includes Problems: 8 * 80 = 160 (accepted)
    Other Classes Interference: 7 * 60 (mitigated)
      The risk assesment has not changed much because I have accepted or mitigated the risks from the start. However, it seems that the "other classes"
      risk has increased in percentage as I approach the end of the semester. This weeks objective is to attempt to decrease the probablity of my 
      other classes interference in order to lower the risk level.
      I am doing my best to resolve these risks. However, the uncertainty of my personal life and my other classes make it hard to resolve the risks
      that are not accepted.
    
